Adds diagram-generator CLI program (#288)
corgibytes/freshli-cli: docs/activities-and-events.md

# Activities and Events

> Much of the application's architecture is implemented through a series of classes that descend from the `IApplicationActivity` and `IApplicationEvent` interfaces. An activity is responsible for performing work in the processing pipeline. The pipline is set up so that more than one activity can be run at a time, controled by the number of worker processes that are handling the activities. Once an activity is done with its work, it generates an event. Events are responsible for knowing what activity should be dispatched next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Much of the application's architecture is implemented through a series of classes that descend from the `IApplicationActivity` and `IApplicationEvent` interfaces. An activity is responsible for performing work in the processing pipeline. The pipeline is set up so that more than one activity can be run at a time, controlled by the number of worker processes that are handling the activities. Once an activity is done with its work, it generates an event. Events are responsible for knowing what activity should be dispatched next.
```
